I want you to also write a read me for one of my projects from the passage below


durning one of my baseball classes, my coach told me about wanting to make a baseball scoreboard. since I was already familiar with IoT and enjoyed working with them, I decided to take my shot at this project and accepted the project.

with very basic idea and understanding of arduino from previous expirences, I went to the main market place for electronic picese at Iran, Amjad mall.
I started asking some shop owners for guidance and I came across a man who walked me through everything I needed to control the board, I had a basic picutre of how I wanted it to look at that time {place link to picture}

I needed to control 8 seven segments and 9 leds, they suggested TM1638 which was an IC that used time multiplexing to control moltiple segments and leds

I also bought an esp32 for its bluetooth and wifi support and got stuff for a mini version of this project to build before building the main one. some segments, leds, wire and resistor. then I went to an LED shop to buy the appropriate LED to be visiable in sunlight.
I tried some shops but they were all very busy and board and didn't want to answer my questions. after a lot of trying I figured that I need power leds to be visiable in sunlight and some heat sync because the generate lots of heat and can damange themselves and also a power supply which I had no idea how to find the best one.

then I went back to home and wanted to start building the test version but I relised that the IC that I got was an SMD IC and not a DIP so it was very hard to work with it.
so I had to go back to the local electronic shop at karaj. there, I was lucky enough to find a very kind man running an LED shop. I spoke to him for hours and finally understood what I needed to do for the LEDs, each of them needed 2.2 volts to turn on at full brightness and also they do not require such big heat sync to function.
so I bought a sample heat sync made of aluminioum and some test leds and went back home.

I calculated the power supply details as follows:
I have 49 segments that I want to turn on, each requiring 350 mA of current so I would at least need a 15 A power supply with a voltage of at least 6 volts. so I bought a 24 volt, 12 Amp switching power supply along with a lot of wire, solder equipment and the SMD to DIP convertor.
later that night I also bought a saw to cut the aluminioum heat sync more easily.

after I recieved the stuff I ordered, I got to soldering the IC to the board, I had 3 IC to test and I exactly messed up 2 of them until I got it right, which after a week of this I figured that I don't need an IC for time multiplexing, esp32 has enough ports to control everything. then I setup the power supply and then I relised a bigger problem, how can I control the led with esp32 which can output maximum of 3v.
from one of my courses at university I was familiar with transistor, I searched a bit and figured that in fact transistor is used in such cases and can control the connection.


so I setup a simple curcuit and *boom*, the transistor exploded. so I relised that they have maximum current value. So I looked for a stronger transistor and bought it and tried to set up the same circuit but it wasn't working.
because the voltage that esp32 gave out was not enough to reach the threashold level for the gate.

I asked around again and this was the part where I almost gave up. but after asking one of my seniors at university, I build a circuit that uses both the small and large transistor to control an LED.

parralel to all of these, I also was manufacturing the picese of the heat sync with the hand saw, soldering the LEDs and designing the board.

after that came another problem, sience I didn't do any engineering for the curcuit between the leds and power supply, the leds were burinning, then I tried one of my resistors which was 100 ohms and at that point I relised that a resistor's wattage is important.
with 100 ohm resistance and the current that leds get is 350 mA, there is a wattage of 9 watts while my resistor is only 1 watt. so I was trying different circuits with parallel and series resistors to find the right resistance until I decided to actually engineer it. in that time I also came across a 9v regulator which made me only need a resistor with 8 ohms and wattage of 1 which I easily bought.

then after final tests, I figured what I wanted and jsut had to make it.

here, I had the option to manufacture a PCB for what I wanted to do but I decided to be cheap and use a perfomboard and soldering which was a terrible chose.

I started soldering everything onto the board and testing each connection with a multi meter. this took almost 2 weeks to complete, by this time I had soldered the LEDs and cut the aluminioum into segment picese and designed the board.

then after 3 more weeks of connecting the wires of LEDs to the perfomboard and connecting the esp32 to them, I turned on the board for the first time, it was absolutly beuatiful. yes it had a lot of bugs and and lot of the LEDs weren't turnning on but the progress I was making was very pleasing.

from here, everything was very smooth. I fixed some soldering mistakes, I secured the connections, I wrote a simple program to be able to command the esp32 via bluetooth and got to a functional state.

I plan to write a specific android app for it as well but that's it for now.
